=== Coffee Shop Morning (262 words) ===

It was a quiet life that Miss Mathilda now led, alone in her house, with only the cook to help her.

The women of the lower middle class in Germany are very much like our own working class. They are all very much alike in their habits and their lives. They are all very much interested in their religion, their cooking, their sewing, and in being good.

The men are much the same in their habits and in their lives, though of course they are much less under the control of the church.

And so the life of the widow Mathilda and the life of the good cook, the little Lena, were very much the same as the life of every other decent couple of that kind that live in our own or in any other large city.

And so the only way that this life could ever have any interest for our Miss Mathilda was the way it could show her what people were, and how they lived, and what was the way that everybody did, the way she had been taught by Mrs. Lehntman.

And so the only way that this life could ever have any interest for our Miss Mathilda was the way it could show her what people were, and how they lived, and what was the way that everybody did, the way she had been taught by Mrs. Lehntman. And to see people and to watch them was the only thing that Miss Mathilda ever found in this life that was of any use to her.

And

--------------------------------------------------

=== Subway Commute (271 words) ===

It was a very busy day for the clerk in the real estate office.

He came home to his small house in the working class part of the town, very tired. He went into the kitchen where his wife was cooking.

“Hi, Sis, home for dinner?” he said to her.

She looked at him and saw that he was very tired. She looked at him and then looked away into the fire. She said nothing in answer to him.

He took off his hat and coat and then sat down on the steps just inside the door to take a rest. He was very tired today, he sat there and just sort of dozed a little.

It was a very busy day for the real estate man. He had started early to go to the bank to get his money. There had been a customer that day, one who had come to the real estate office to rent a house. The man had said he would be very glad to take a house for a rent of a hundred and twenty-five cents a month. The clerk had laughed loud enough when he heard the man say that. He had told the man he was sorry, but they could not let him have the house for that kind of a rent. The clerk had to go to the owner of the house to tell him about it. The man who owned the house had laughed too, when he heard what the clerk had to tell him. He had said that he did not see that it was any business for that clerk

--------------------------------------------------

=== Online Shopping (274 words) ===

It was a very busy time for Miss Mathilda with her working, but she had many hours when she was alone and could do some shopping. Miss Mathilda loved to go out and do some shopping. Miss Mathilda had not yet come to understand that she could buy things for herself, but she had not yet come to understand that she could not do so. She had not yet come to understand that she could not do so, and so she was very pleased when she found that she could do it.

It was a very busy time, too, for all the young people who were in the lower middle classes. It was the time when they had finished their school and before they had taken their places in the business world.

And so they would wander and they would talk and they would laugh, and then they would go home to their rooms and they would sit down at their desks and they would begin their letter writing.

And then they would get tired, and they would put their work aside, and then they would get together and talk some more, and perhaps they would go out and see a movie, and then they would come back home to their rooms and they would lie down a little while, and then they would get up and begin on their writing.

And this is the way that the young people passed away their evenings in these days. And they were all very busy, these young people, and they had a good time with it.

And so it was that it was very easy for

--------------------------------------------------

=== Video Call Family (275 words) ===

The old people who had lived in the same house with the widow and her daughters, soon got used to this way of doing things. They would come to the widow’s house for their meals, and then go back to their own house to sleep. The kitchen was always a giving house with all its cooking for everybody who was near or knew anyone who was hungry. The eating house upstairs was always empty of people except for the little girl who was playing, and the dog that was sleeping.

The only sadness in this life for the good Anna was that she could not see her grandchildren very often. The children always lived far away from their home in Bridgepoint, and it was not until they came for their holidays that she could see them very much. Of course she always found ways to make them do things for her, but this was not the same as seeing them every day.

The good Anna had a talk with her doctor about this. He suggested that she should take her grandchild’s pictures and show them to her. This would not be very good for her, but it would keep her from wanting to see her grandchildren so often. The doctor thought this might help her.

The doctor was right when he said this would not be very good for her, but it did help her a little to not go to the children so often. The good Anna had a black and white picture of each one of her grandchildren. She kept them on the wall over her bed, and so she saw them every

--------------------------------------------------

=== Food Delivery (224 words) ===

The young fellow who drove the food wagon thought a good deal about life while he was waiting to make his deliveries. He thought about what he could do with the things he learned in school, and about the kind of life he might lead, and then he would think about all the bad people he saw every day, and how they lived so much better than the good people, and then he would think about what he could do to help the poor people, and to make them understand about being good, and then he would think about all the bad things that happened all the time, and that made him so angry, and then he would think about all the good things he could do for everybody, and then he would think about all the time, how he could not do anything to help anybody, and then he would get very sad, and then he would begin again with his thinking about what he could do with the things he learned in school, and about the kind of life he might lead.

Today, as he was waiting to begin his work, he was thinking about the things he always wondered about, and about the life he might lead, and then he saw a man come into the room where he was standing.

--------------------------------------------------

